1. UMass Boston Open Courseware

The UMass courseware offers a broad range of classes in areas like psychology, biology, early education,
political science, history,mathematics, and others. Each department has a separate page listing the classes available.
Along the side, you are given your syllabus, assignments, a professor bio, and recommended reading.
There are no slides, videos, or lecture notes, which makes this open courseware inferior to other universities
that offer extensive resources.

2. MIT Open Courseware

For those looking for courses that will test even the brightest student, 
MIT is sure not to disappoint. You can download all the course material, 
which is nearly identical to the course taught at MIT (it even gives you the year and semester it was taught).
Since it is an on-demand course, you don’t have any ability to connect with others who are taking it. 
It is simply an independent study for you to study on your own.

3. Free-Ed

This site is a bit difficult to navigate, as it is not as well designed as other open courseware websites. 
Similar to most databases, you search through the subjects and categories until you find the class you want to take.
One advantage to Free-ed? When you find a class you like, there is the option to click on networking. 
It will notify you if there are Facebook groups or other online groups you can join that have individuals taking
the course you are interested in.

4. EdX

This website offers an array of free online courses from different universities. 
The main difference between EdX and other online courses is that the class is a specific length and duration.
When you sign up, you are committing to the class time and assignments. You can register for classes offered 
by Harvard, MIT, Berkeley, and other prestigious schools. If you are looking for a class you can do on your own time,
this isn’t the website for you.The classes here are similar to paid online learning classes.

5. Coursera

This is one of the largest website databases for University open courseware. Like EdX, these courses are at a set time 
(usually lasting for 10-14 weeks). You can access classes from 16 different Universities’ including Princeton, Duke, 
Stanford, and CalTech. With over 1,000,000 users, Coursera has established itself as the central “go-to” website for
free online University learning.
